Outreach Partners blog (#289)
pythonindia/inpycon-blog: content/blog/2020-outreach-partners.md

Title: Bringing PyCon India to a wider audience with your help
Date: 2020-07-23 13:00
Author: Nikhil Maan (@sc0rpi0n101)
Category: 2020
Slug: 2020-outreach-partners

> [**PyCon India**](https://in.pycon.org/2020/) is looking for outreach partners that can help spread the word about the conference in their communities and help bring more fresh faces to the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**PyCon India**](https://in.pycon.org/2020/) is looking for outreach partners that can help spread the word about our conference in communities all over the world and bring fresh faces to the platform in hopes of creating a more inclusive, accessible platform this year.
```

Reviewer: Can we use this but break it down into 2 sentences. If that helps

Author: I think the single sentence looks better. Also, how about `creating a more inclusive, accessible conference this year`

Reviewer: Works

<!-- PELICAN_END_SUMMARY -->

> We are the largest gathering of Python users and admirers in India who come together once a year to celebrate the language and share our experience and expertise with the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyCon India is the largest gathering of Python learners, programmers and enthusiasts in India who come from all over the world together once a year to celebrate the programming language and share their experiences, insight and expertise with the community. Last year alone we had an audience of 3000+, with over 300+ proposals submitted and a packed 2-day agenda in addition to 50+ sponsors supporting us. This year we like to bring forward positive change, and make the conference even more inclusive by bringing forth combined efforts of our communities in helping PyCon India reach more viewers.
```

Reviewer: @anistark @pythonindia/pycon-india-2020 Can someone confirm these stats are correct?

Reviewer: @anistark :up:

Author: I have updated this in the content. If there is something wrong about the stats and need to be changed, we can change it later.

Reviewer: Sounds good, I will still ping @anistark again and then resolve the last pending comments.

> Let's make make PyCon India a great conference using the combined effort of our communities. 

Reviewer: If the above suggestion, looks good. We won't need this line.

## What we expect from you 

> We would love for you to spread a word about the conference among your members who are looking to learn something regarding Python. We expect our outreach partners to help us in the following ways: 

Reviewer: Start with "We would like to invite your community to be a Outreach partner for PyCon India 2020"

Reviewer: Then ease into expectations.

Author: ```suggestion
We would like to invite your community to be a Outreach partner for PyCon India 2020. You can help us spread the word about the conference among your members who are looking to learn something regarding Python. We expect our outreach partners to help us in the following ways: 
```
?

Reviewer: something regarding --> more regarding

> * Send emails to your mailing lists and post content on their social media channels on our behalf to make your community members aware of the conference. 

Reviewer: Both 2nd and 3rd person being used here. Pick one either go with `your` or `their`

Rather emails or being specific, convert it to "Share content on mailing list, social media channels, and messaging groups with your community members about the conference and all its updates,"

* Spread the word about our call for proposals for talks, workshops & Dev sprint and help us find speakers, mentors, and reviewers from your community for the conference.

## What you can expect from us

For supporting the conference, our outreach partners can expect following in return from PyCon India:

* We will display your Logos and Names on the conference website. 
* We will also promote your community on our social media channels as a supporter of the conference.

> If you are an organization or a community interested in becoming an outreach partner for PyCon India 2020, please reach out to us at [link]

Reviewer: @anistark please suggest the [link]

Reviewer 2: @abhishekmishragithub @palnabarun Do we've an email for this? like partnership(s) [at] .... ??

Reviewer 3: @anistark we don't have an email id for it. We can use contact@in.pycon.org  (from last year)

Reviewer 2: Who gets contact emails? @abhishekmishragithub

Reviewer 3: We need to add people to alias, @palnabarun or @sayanchowdhury can help.
It was already set up last year by Vijay (@bravegnu)

Reviewer 2: Till then, let's use a google form or something? Less dependency.

Reviewer: +1 more control, transparency, and lower dependency on just one person. 
@anistark maybe we can wait for comments or do provide the form link

Reviewer: @anistark @abhishekmishragithub Need the form link folks and finish this PR.
